DDIL. Create a cluster turning on TKG demo. Do this on your edge.

TAP - prerecord supply chain, iterate. Video. John Bergfield - in a demo CHarleston.

Should't open with VAC as an iron bank

Going through the capabilities. Don't lead with iron bank. iron bank is a bunch of things, that it isn't what they say it is.

VAC is providing . we acquired bitnami. Bitnami had a sig releationship with open source project. bitnami communicate with hte maintiainers and they are aware that bitnami is packaging that stuff for them . Open source is validating their distro with bitnami. 

It is a huge leg up on ironbank. Iron doesn't work with the communicty and stiging and think is helping and not communicating back with the open source project. For example Postgress makes a change and iron bank breaks.

Bitnami timely updates on all of these containers. 

How often are your conainers maintained and imporved against the lates update. iron bank is not updated.

Not just containers and helm charts as well. iron bank has some but in alot of cases they say go use bitnamis
helmn chart

Helm charts are already configured, Armys is using helm charts that is already connected to containers. in air gapped environment.

Relocation is important because you want to maintain the isgn of the container which are all signed and given SBOM

You submit your own container as a base container / the source of all containers.

Army uses an image provided by Canonical. Originating from Canonical. DOD certs 

There is not container STIG. Understand how a container image works on a VM. You are running on an exisiting operating system that should be STIG'd out. All that is stig. The container is running on the host operating filesystem. It all fall back on the OS. If there is not stig or srg

75 active artifacts
images are updated every day
because critical sve need to stage
at least once a month they are updating

not using VAC right now in IL6 will use sneakernet

VAC

kind cluster and install a helm chart. encourage. demo anything logging into the VAC gui and showing the CVE scan results and verifying the cosign signature and showing the VAC public key. Lean more on whiteboard an d conversation.
Ask trevor for demo account
Drew has done a bunch with VAC in the intel 

ASIM did a lot with VAC with FBI a

11:30 10 - 15 mins